[Music]
he
sh e
[Music]
show
what is it
[Music]
if we uh mess with this
no
[Music]
wait
what boom why is this so
off okay let's just record it then count
me in or
no oh one 2 3
4 oh wa I'm off
hey
[Music]
oh wait can we
n
[Music]
you can't drag down anymore
n
[Music]
um
nah
n n n nah nah nah
[Music]
can't describe
her do one
[Music]
wait let's just
um wait uh I think it's this one right
we need to do this
one and4 and one and two and three and
four and one two and can't describe
[Music]
wait can we set one to be here
or
maybe oh yeah we definitely need that
ooh that's actually sounds amazing
[Music]
oh
money
[Music]
nothing describe her eyes
might
[Music]
we shall inight
we
sh the
[Music]
like she fading
away dance
[Music]
can fix the drones to be better but I
just want to hear it without it
[Music]
strong
I need
[Music]
I didn't get a haircut bro I just shaved
I'm going to I'm going to cut my hair
today
[Music]
I think it's faster than the
[Laughter]
original dude that's the funniest thing
you've ever said bro that's so
funny serious's appearance of chin
islamist
extremist I'll slurp
W that's so
good that's so funny man holy
[__] chin is lamis extremist I'll slurp
while F bro that's so [__]
funny I'll slurp w f bro that's so
good okay wait let's just let's just get
this down okay so here's what I think
it's going to be I think I'm going to
turn this off no Reverb
[Music]
strong
fing around
feels like mer
[Music]
oh that's perfect that's all I
needed just going to save that and
Export it put it
online dude I used to make music a lot I
used to make that was like my thing is
just
music and I haven't done it in so
long and uh I miss it man the thing is
it's it was for a long time it was very
hard for me even get in the
groove let's just uh do this and I don't
know these past few days I've been
feeling it I've been just taking songs I
like and ripping
them um what is it control r
no it's uh control shift R oh wait it's
control shift
R wait but I think I have the wrong
thing selected okay there we
go this is one of my favorite songs of
all time she's always dancing by
blade let me look this
up what's up with you man oh oh
Jesus I thought that was a song I
thought that was a song hey how is the
uh scraping going dude I haven't checked
in on that repo in a in a while who is
this by the way I don't even know who
this
is oh oh [__] oh oh my God
okay wait why is he in Disguise hold on
I got to go the
bathroom
for for
yeah so what's up with this guy and why
is he in
Disguise uh I hav't update rather push
most I want to finish the other what's
the other
thing blade like red I don't what's red
Rave oh [__]
bro come
on dude you hated me bro what the [__]
was
that come on man what the [__] was that
oh wait hold
on red Rave
song
[Music]
this oh
dude I'm so bad with knowing
movies I don't know movies at all oh G I
know this name though okay hold on let
me upload this thing did this export I
want to listen to the export and
then um
[Music]
strong
remember
[Music]
might just fing away
what
[Music]
damn [__] was gas that song is so
good wait it's wait what did you say
every
oh um what is zap oh oh yeah zapier is
like the API integration
company I've never used this though task
animation
words can't describe
her that's pretty sick dude that seems
like something that needs to
exist dude I'm all for and I'm guessing
it's all rust obviously
why wouldn't it
[Music]
be
yeah oh my God but it has so many
stars whoa
[Music]
she
seems all right so uh so
damn that [__] is so good
o
um
okay let's see what do I want to do I
want to I want to model that Callet I
want to model this thing but in zoo
which is this new programming bit
language
based wait did it say something
funny Oh I thought it said some uh
snoody thing oh you're a light mode user
let's see
yeah all slurp W feel
bro
chin
extremist H okay I I'm going to get some
coffee and then I'm going to lock in
because I got a lot to
do but I needed some fun I needed to
make a song I'm going to go listen to it
on my
computer maybe with my
speakers okay they have no assemblies so
we're not going to be able to assemble
it but let's go back to here new
project
okay so the first thing that we did oh
they have
Loft they have a cut have circular
pattern pattern pattern circular
2D okay let's just try to use that so
we're going to make
a pattern circular
2D dude every one of these should have a
usage example on it
okay whatever let's um let's start I
have all the dimensions here so I don't
actually have to get my calipers out
um wait why didn't that
work wait okay wait let's try that again
solo Oh hell yeah bro I'm so sick okay
so this let's see how do we start wait
how did we start out can we just
activate this
thing it seems like she's fading
away I don't think they have any thread
related I mean I would be really shocked
if they have anything thread related
yeah hell no they have a helix thing
though so let's just see if we can get a
cylinder with threads on it so first
we're going to just do
this uh they have this great text to CAD
thing which is super cool if it if it
works it's create a
cylinder of radius let's see hopefully
that doesn't go away thank God sometimes
like dialogue boxes just go
away radius
7.75 and
height sketch this Extrusion is 27
it's also a little
slow oh I have a Spotify but the problem
is okay this is the problem with
releasing music on Spotify drro kid is a
distributor okay this is at least what I
remember when I looked into this and
they are basically the annoying
middleman that you pay to talk to
Spotify and say nah this artist is legit
because they paid us some money it's not
very much money but the thing is they
control all the finances of like the
payouts of like how I actually get paid
and so like from plays on Spotify and I
remember I logged in because I wanted to
add more music and they asked for my
social security number which in the
states is like a very important piece of
information and knowing how many leaks
go on and how sketchy this company is I
was like there's no freaking way I'm
giving them my SSN cuz that's absolutely
getting leaked and um then I just lost
out on being able to add music to
Spotify because every time I logged in
they were like hey uh we kind of need
your SSN so I have a Spotify and there's
some music on it there's actually two
there's three one is with my one of my
friends the other one has some random
stuff on it and the third is just me
uh yeah dude it's just like and the
thing is Spotify at one point planned on
sort of Shifting to a to an upload model
like SoundCloud
and then they just totally dropped the
ball and then nothing ever happened it
was
like um it was like totally insane okay
so this is why does this look wrong I'm
pretty sure this is wrong because this
circle
takes the circle takes why does this
looks so much fatter
than like compare this to
that this shape is totally different
than this shape
oh wait is that because the diameter is
supposed to
be
okay um great so
now this is going to be a tough part
because you to actually model the
heles the thing is it's all code once
someone has threads like
the thing is you have to cut it out so
what we actually want to do is make a
notch okay wait so let's
um so we want
to start sketch on and then this is
going to be XZ right wait
XZ I can't I can't even tell I have no
idea how do I know wait let's just
cancel this and do wait comment it out
hello there we go start sketch and it's
going to be
on this which is
XZ okay now we want to like is there any
project features I doubt
it yeah so like how do I get the
geometry here though I guess I I guess
you just have to
specify okay but let's just
um let's just see if I can even do helix
or let's just see if there's even an
example for
Helix yeah dude this is so
sus okay so
um let's see the Helix example
oh that's
great okay this is probably a good
start wait we could just copy
this oh wait
revolutions instead of revolutions I'd
like to provide the pitch though
well we could just calculate the pitch
who cares we have a full programming
language so um so what we're going to do
is
uh great okay that's sweet but then we
want
to length of the helix is that wait
CCW no no no
length it's it's the height of the
extrude group as Okay cool so what did
we say for this thread it's not it's 17
so then we just need to
make
length
17 is that
right wait can we just
um
um key bindings is there a fusion key
binding just so I don't have to freaking
yeah I like that more okay so now we
have our th but uh what is
this but now we want
to wait what is this
I don't know so uh what what exactly is
this let's see what Helix
Returns what what is all
this what is all
this dude what is all this bro okay here
we go return
it returns an extrude group can can I
just see the dog string in here what
does what does this say to extrude
group so wait that means that I should
be able to just
do
extrude uh
one
H oh but extrude takes a sketch group
set not an extrude group group set it
returns an extrude group
set so wait so what do I even do with a
helix oh wait wait wait they probably
have a
um they probably have a uh sweep or
something there's no
sweep uhoh
okay well let's just keep moving on
because I don't well let's okay let's
find all of the examples of
Helix are there any in the sample okay
wait I have a vs
code
open what was it not modeling it was KCl
samples I don't remember where I cloned
that thing
I'm pretty sure I have this
in okay so let's find all of the
examples of
Helix there's none of the examples use
Helix bro that is shocking is that for
real Helix isn't used at all dude
okay that means that there's just no
sweep or
something so let's move on because we
can't just spend all day trying to build
threads um so instead what we're going
to
do is we're going to build an
offset
sketch we're going to build that Circle
and we're going to do Loft cuz I know
that they have Loft
okay so
um okay so um they really need
better
documentation but uh let's just find all
of the things that match sketch start
sketch at
starts at two at the at the given
point okay and then what is start sketch
on start sketch on start a
two-dimensional sketch on a specific
plane and what start profile at
those are the only four references of
that so that means that these are the
things that we have
to so how do you do an
offset or can I just provide instead of
a
um face
tag wait let's see if there's any I know
that there's a loft example so let's
just
see damn what is that for real all right
let's look up extrude there's probably a
bunch of yeah okay that's so crazy they
don't have that many
samples so how do I make an offset can I
look for offset
oh offset plane why didn't that show up
that's so weird
okay okay oh here we go there's a
there's a loft example why didn't why
isn't this example in the examples
crazy okay
um start sketch on
this 150
wait hold on Square sketch start on
XY oh offset plane wait does offset
plane it takes a standard plane what is
a standard
plane dude these docks are not up to
par oh wait here we
go oh it's just an enum of these strings
that seems
silly because then you don't have any
relative um but fine that's okay because
you can always just do it so that means
that what we want to do is this is uh
this is uh whatever then
um
thread Len equals 17 then what we want
to do first off this circle needs to be
on
zero I don't know where that it got
that okay so this is going to be thread
Len revolutions is arbitrary because I
don't I don't even I mean we're going to
keep this here just
cuz but so now we have this 27 number
right so now we have um
uh so then uh wait is it 10 I actually
don't
know
cancel okay so then offset plane oh it's
five so it's going to
be offset H is equal
to uh
height I wish there was co-pilot
integration they should definitely add
co-pilot
integration I I guess well okay they
should add co-pilot integration but you
sign in with GitHub so they don't have
to pay for the uh the API costs cuz no
one wants to front that
bill uh but I'm happy to use my own
co-pilot and they just integrate because
this looks sort of like Monaco it has
the same key binding as as Monaco so I
could probably figure that out if I
wanted
to um okay so we have this now we want
to make
um how did they use it they said
start sketch on oh yeah perfect
okay
uh uh start sketch on offset plane this
should be XY
right and the thing is you don't get
completion here so using it as a string
is kind of silly but then we need this
to be Loft
height
uh-uh oh
sorry
okay and then the
uh uh this sketch is what we're at now
so that's 11
perfect okay but we don't want to Circle
right oh wait no wait is this a I think
that this is a sketch geometry but the
problem is their goey does not make it
clear that this is sketch geometry
because it looks like a solid body um
but in um here see they they have a much
nicer I you know makes it way easier to
tell that this is just a sketch but so
now we want to Loft
so this is the Loft sketch so now we
want to actually call
Loft we want to
Loft uh this face how do we
even how do we oh this is going to be
annoying um
I wish there was a way of clicking on
this and like getting an element that I
can use in code here because I don't
know how to refer to this but I know how
to look at it and point at
it but that's the edge that we need to
so why don't I just do this why don't I
just do this and hopefully it like adds
it together so we're going to duplicate
wait hold on this can
be one line so we oh wait control shift
d doesn't work okay so Loft
want this is going to be not offset H
but just
height and we're going to make a circle
that's the
same as
radius okay now we're going to do
this Loft
S1 Loft
s and what's wrong
failed to split nervs curve okay let's
um let's just do this okay
so const s is equal to start sketch on
XY to Circle 00 0 of um five okay what's
wrong with
that percent okay now we have a circle
now
we want to
um
um make another Circle so let's just do
this
oops uh start sketch on but we need to
start sketch on of offset plane
okay right that that actually checks out
that makes sense so offset
plane uh uh
10 and then we're going to make
this 15 or
something now we want to just do Loft
SS2 and why does this
fail
um can I look at the docs for loft
let me uh
I'm just going to ask on
Discord for
let's see what the equivalent in this
would
be
five um finish sketch construct offset
plane This Plane
Circle
15 finish sketch
Loft this to this it's just making a
cone I guess maybe they want me to do a
revolve or
something I'm just going to ask
they also don't really have
they need to make
um I don't know polygonal
Primitives I don't
know I can't really do it without this
though wait oh this is where I'm at
uh
oh
okay okay so what if I just do
um let me comment all this out because
this isn't going to
work so let's um
what is going on
I
e
for
e e
okay I'm sort of determined to get this
Loft thing or I mean to get this call it
designed but maybe I'll then call
it uh something is causing pain in
my huh in my nerves
okay so instead wait where are
we instead we are going to draw a
sketch on this
face and I just want to see the thing is
it doesn't snap to here which is
like but what's it supposed to look like
let's just say it's okay so this is
supposed to be five so we'll change that
to
five and then this is supposed to be
like 11 whatever over
two okay so uh so um here here this is
going to be
zero and this is going to be exactly uh
the height of the
thing so this is going to be uh is it
just height I wish it told me the value
here man why doesn't it tell you the
value that's so
silly if it's a constant just tell me
the value like if it's a simple
number is height 27 or
not
okay then
0 and five then this needs to be what 11
over two I
forget 11 over
two what
happened okay then uh
what is this one I like that they
highlight this that's very nice
actually that's very
nice oh wait wait what the hell is going
on there
no see that's not what you want what you
want is all right so can I just set this
to be
zero wait why is that zero X is this is
this off center again
no and what is this if this is is
why oh am I like thinking in the
wrong this needs to
be what is
it wait now why is it being weird and
then this needs to be
whoa wait why do I have my planes all
wrong see why did that come
back can I just click and drag this
thing
man oh wait are these oh these are
relative right is this a
relative oh is there an absolute
line oh line
two
okay we want this to be wait we want
this to be um
this is needs to be 27 or
height
wait oh no no this needs to be
height and this needs to be like
um the 11 over the uh the
radius okay and now we just need to
delete
this because this is
nonsense sweet I think that's it wait
and we probably don't even need this if
we comment this out and get the
close for some reason this doesn't
look right but we're going to do this
and then we're going to
revolve what's revolve data let's look
at the documentation for revolve
spline
spine
scoliosis okay so let's look at revolve
dude these dock searches are really
poorly
indexed there it
is oh nice that's easy
is it the Z
axis it's lagging for me man wait let's
exit
sketch what's wrong with this
[Music]
do I need it do do I need it to
be
no is there a no there's no okay that's
okay I wasn't expecting there to really
be but this error message is terrible I
don't really know what I did did
wrong I also don't know what
axis let's just try change it to
Y oh [__] what what just
happened no that didn't all right I'm
going
to I'm going to close and reopen it
oh there we go there's a real error
message
sketch entirely on one side of
the is this why you can't make a
circle so okay can we make this
a I think this is why you can't make a
sphere okay let's try
this oh see how it
worked so that means that there's a tiny
hole right there
can't even see
it wait why did
my this isn't supposed to be that it's
supposed to be
this this thing didn't save man
okay so what's
next we make the hole okay that's that
that one's going to be easy that's going
to be easy bro so wait so this is going
to be the I don't I don't really know
the
oh I don't really know the best way to
do these things but so now we're going
to
um uh const s hole is going to be equal
to start sketch
on um offset
[Music]
plane XY and then uh Lo is it
offset
wait why didn't that come up
okay so now we have
this
now this this is going to be need uh
Circle 0 0 and then it's a radius is
going to
be
2.5 wait we can we can make this
uh oops
okay what's wrong with this now oh
yeah then
um and then this needs to
be minus 8 oh wait no wrong
one 14
right minus
14 what is it supposed to be then dude
this thing needs to give me more hints I
need more hints cuz I can't remember
this
stuff
um you can hardly see that this is the
actual Line This demarcation is
impossible to see so wait can I just
look up extrude again sketch group set
so that's percent is that the whole
thing did it do a cut though see it
didn't do a cut so how do I do a cut
okay it's just clearly not
indexing it's just not indexing any of
this there should be a ton of examples
here this is pretty
cool oh
then why didn't it
cut what if I change this to 14 it's
going to flip around
right okay
so why doesn't this cut
okay are any examples with that oh
wait let me try
wait why didn't this work
okay now what do we want to do though
with this is I want to
um duplicate
this and I want to make this
five and so it does not perform a cut
which honestly in some ways makes a lot
of
sense but then I don't understand
how I think what you need to do is you
need to draw the sketch
on
the so how do you draw a
sketch okay so let's actually comment
this out we're going to start sketch on
can we get this face
nice oh and it formatted my code for me
okay so then we're going to make a
circle at 0
0 uh
five then we're going to oh wait whoa oh
no that's nothing then we are going to
extrude it
down oh okay yeah all right so there we
go
so you just have to so let's go back to
this and then where we started this
extra thing is instead of doing it like
this instead of doing it like this we
are going to start sketch we're going to
click on this
face and of course it doesn't
work or does it I can't tell no it
didn't
work okay so let's see how did it do
it here start sketch on this sketch
end so I'm going to copy and paste this
into and it's going to be
the end of the revolve right
expected an end pH well that checks out
I think also the problem is wait let's
go back because I think also part of the
problem is this wait let's just
um I'm just going to copy this whole
thing and start a new one so that I
don't lose that but um what do we want
to do we want to delete all of this well
we want to comment that out we want to
delete
this and we want this actually to
be let's comment this out
and then we want to start a sketch wait
why can't I start a sketch
hello
hello is anybody
home I'm just going to restart it I
don't know what's going on
okay I'm going to rename
this
okay so
this okay now we can start a
sketch start drawing a 2d sketch so s
under this face all right
sick and it yeah see that's the
interesting part is like where does it
put it
or
actually actually maybe the Loft wait
let me see if anyone responded to me
no maybe the
Loft maybe I can make
um okay what I want to know is how do I
get the how do I get
the I don't know if it's just called a
face can I just do
cind what is this and not found an
object
I don't get suggestions though so I
don't really know what's inside that but
it is an extrude group I know
that
um can I look at start sketch on
again face tag
where's the documentation for
this oh
okay regardless I
think what is our strategy here it's
to wait
maybe what if we just try this
oh
wait then wait let's go back to this one
where we had this and I want to try
to um oh wait wrong one yeah oops
this
one no it still fails
okay what's the other
strategy oh wait what was the problem
with this one
what was the error
again wait oh no no see it works it just
doesn't cut it
how do I
get how do I
highlight can I get a
tag oh wait no but it cannot redefine
yeah start sketch on wait we just want
to
do
this wait did I do
it no I didn't
can I comment this
out oh
baby so wait so why first off I don't
understand why
this
line is what made it work I don't really
get that also
okay no that's
fine wait I don't see the about there's
no about section
wait does
it wait am I am I crazy all this is is
Home and
Community oh oh you're talking about
this
yeah but they have no they have no
videos
I don't get
it I mean Russ is definitely
winning honestly it's just cuz seake
sucks I hate
seake okay so we're sort of almost there
no threads this height looks a little
bit wrong
but um all right now we just need to do
the circular pattern
okay let me uh see if there's a
dock for
um
cirular
sweet Center
repetitions oh yeah Arc degrees
rotate I don't know what that
means that's nice I love
that whether or not to rotate the
duplicates what happens if you turn that
to the FAL
oh yeah that's
funny it should default the true
right it's
required okay I mean
whatever
um my problem is I think it's be really
hard for me
to
cut okay so we want to start a sketch on
this
face yeah and it just doesn't work
that's that's the issue
right just doesn't work
which I
don't
um wait but this is not a this is an X
okay wait but I want to start
another thing on here
then I want to draw a
rectangle
okay wait this needs to be
um okay let's just do what was the width
of this thing let me look at that
sketch4 and then its length was
three okay so wait where does the line
start that's what I want to know I want
to start the
line okay let me start a new
one H dude somehow when you do this it
like kills it so you have to restart it
I don't get
that
okay is I here no
oh yeah all I wanted okay hold on this
is
um okay so uh so yeah so this is good we
start a sketch on here and I want a I
want a rectangle like
this okay okay yeah so start sketch on
to start profile at to line
okay
so just one copy of this
in
here what the hell is going
on oh and when you restart it does not
save this thing man come
on I don't know why it doesn't save
that just remember that [__]
okay
so I believe I'm on the face
now I want to make a rectangle
from this is
X and this is
y so can we get an absolute position
here yeah we
can so Y is going to be minus
point2 and this is going to be
2.4 okay then we need a line
to and this is going to
be let's do this
point
um
2.4.2 wait you need to give it a
percent l
2 uh this is
uh still going to
be okay X is 5.5 5
5.5
wait oh yeah
5.5 and2
line
two
5.5 minus.
2 oh hell
yeah Hill yiz okay so now we want to do
extrude
minus
8 oh my gosh am I goated bro I'm like a
cad God and now we want to
do circular oh wait
pattern
hello what the hell is Arc
degrees what the hell is any of this
what's
wrong oh oh wait okay hold
on oh Arc degrees oh oh yeah right right
right
wait what I said oh rep oh n minus one
silly geese that makes no
sense that makes no
sense oh
[__] oh my God we actually built a part
we built a real part using zoo. Dev
except
for oh except for it
didn't okay I mean that's as good as
we're going to get I'm not doing any
more than that because clearly Ting is
like something that's just like not that
well
handled now was pretty fun that was
pretty fun
okay I'm going end the stream and then
just restart it so I can export this as
um just something related to zoo and
then we can start doing other
stuff all right that's cool I mean it's
almost cool
see is there a formatter I think there's
a
formatter all
right not bad not bad